Arraylist vs linkedlist?
What is functional interface?
If we have 10 million elements and you want to insert, what will give better performance, arraylist or linkedlist?
Can constructor be final or static?
Can we create object of abstract class?
Comparator vs comparable?
Method Overriding?
What are lambda expression?
Can we have multiple main methods?
@springbootapplication annotation? Can we run without it?
Method vs constructor?
What is stored procedure and how it is better than sql?
Difference between rest controller and controller?
@Springbootapplication?
Maponobject and its syntax?
What is linked BlockingQueue?
What if thread calls notify method without holding lock?
Lock safe and thread safe class?
Reduce method in stream?
What is try with resources?
What is multi-threading and what are new feature in java 8 and 9?
Difference between rest and soap?
What are the method of stream api and can you explain them?
Explain your project?
String literals and new String method... what will be result using == operator?
did you implement any rest api?
how do you consume a rest api?
how did you implement exception handling im rest api?
what type of authentication you used in rest api?
how to you check if jwt token is expired in cache?
can we overload method by changing the return type?
if you have userdetails class sort first by name and if name is equal then sort by date.
what is functional interface and tell some interface?
what are intermediate and terminal operations?
difference between == and equals
how will you verify hashcode generated on client side with hashcode on server side?
how will you prevent man in middle attack if user tampers your request, on the server side?
what is multi factor or two way authentication? how will you handle on server side?
if otp is generated then how will you verify if it is correct otp on the server side?
what is jwt?
how will you make expiration for jwt token on server side?
what is microservices?
what is request Mapping?
what are different http method? can we use post for updating ?
have you generated hashcode in your application earlier?
what Java 8 feature you have used in your application?
what is rest controller?
Explain mutlithreading in java and how you used in server side development?
Can you describe your experience using RDBMS in application development?
Share your experience with core java and springboot?
can you tell what's the problem in below code and how can you improve it?
what improvement can you suggest in below query?
select * from orders where customer_id in (select customer_id from customers where status='active');
Can you share experience on technologies like docker and kubernetes and how you used in your projects?
jsonanysetter and jsonanygetter?
mechanics of garbage first garbage collector in java?
Overriding finalize method is discouraged in java and what alternative exists?
explain role of tracing and correlation id's in distributed springboot application?
Discuss impact of lombok in springboot?
how can you debug deadlock using jstack in multithreading?
Where did you get those figures  like 40%, 50% in resume?
Difference between postgresql and mysql
We have an array with values (2, 4 1 6 7 1  4 9 8) consider this as stock prices find maximum profit with only one buy and sell
Print an array unique value (1,1,2,2,3,4,4,5) dont use hashset hashmap arraylist and java 8
You said you used vscode and github copilot as well right, which models you used? which one is better?
What is garbage collection? can we call methods for garbage collection? finalize keyword?
what is  stream api?
what is filter in stream and how many paramters we pass
what is functional interface
what is difference between interface and functional interface?
diff between interface and abstract class?
what is final variable method and class?
what is finally block and why needed?
what arr wrapper classes and why needed?
abstract methods and classes?
what is exceptions? checked unchecked and how you handle them ? can you create  custom exceptions?
what is difference between hibernate and jpa. what are the advantages of hibernate?
where do you see yourself after 5 years?
what is expected ctc?
find first repeating character in string
write program to find if number is prime or not.
What is reflection api?
Singleton class? is it thread safe? how will you make it thread safe? how does serializarion effect it?
Monolith to microservices. what design pattern you are using?
What is saga pattern?
what is circuit breaker pattern?
if there are two system and one is failing, then what will you do?
write sql to find third highest amount in order?
why dense rank is preferred over sub query or limit and offset?
what all sql functions do you know?
dense rank vs rank?
what is annotation required args?
what is annotation noargs?
difference between controlleradvice and exceptionhandler?
What are different atomic variables in java?
what is fail fast and fail safe iterators?
Which java security have you implemented?
What is jwt?
What is hs256 and rs256?
do you have knowdege of stored procedures? what is stored procedure?
what is user defined types and its use?
write a program to group person by age?
what is design pattern you have used in monolithic to microservices?
what features you imolemented in java8?
what is marker interface?
what is abstraction?
what is encapsulation?
difference between abstraction and encapsulation?
difference between arraylist and linkedlist?
what is load factor?
Write a program to count each character using streams?
Find first non repeating character in string?
what is Function functional interface? give a scenario you will use it? what are the methods it has?
what is optional class? what all methods it has?
difference between string and string buffer?
difference between arraylist and set?
what all interfaces we have in collection framework?
what is getorelsenull in map?
How spring mvc  flow works?
restcontroller vs controller?
put vs patch?
what are http codes? 4xx stand for what status?
spring mvc vs springboot
What are uses of pom.xml and application.yml file?
What are various bean scopes?
can we have two databases in single application?
How would you migrate monolith to microservices? what are the issues you faced in migration?
what is stored procedure?
difference between procedure and function?
how to you execute storedprocedure in java code?
write program to group employees by department and total count of each employees in that department?
write program to find maximum salary from employee list?
write program to find average salary in each department?
write program to find the frequency of each character in a string?
what will be output of program? String str = new String("abc"); str = str.concat("xyz"); sysout(str)
What is jpa? 
what is hibernate?
if i want to map my employee object to some database table how would  you do using? explain full flow?
what do you pass in JpaRepository<>?
how you are managing ci/cd pipeline? is there some devops team?
write a sql to find count of employees in each department.
empid deptid salary name
what is nvl() in sql?
delete vs drop vs truncate?
diff between where and having?
what is difference given an json object write code to iterate over this jsonobject and print address?
